After some consideration, I ended up choosing to do a pygame as my final project. I was torn between doing a game or a simple guitar tuner, but in the end my lack of knowledge about audio signal processing
forced me to give up on the latter idea. My game is rather simple and the idea behind it was somewhat derivative of the game we worked on last month. The player's task is to avoid incoming asteroids. The higher the score, the faster the asteroids rush towards the player. It took me a while to get the asteroids to spawn after the first wave but I figured it out eventually. I also encountered an issue when trying to open png and wav files. For some reason it wasn't working to only put the filename in the .load function,despite the files being in the same directory, so after a while I resorted to using the absolute filepaths. Once I was done with that, I focused on adding stuff I didn't manage to implement on the other pygame assistant. I added a start screen so that the game would start upon pressing the space button, rather than immediately. I also added something to record the high score of the player. Admittedly, my implementation of that was simple(it only records one score, rather than a list of the top 5 scorees ever), but it gets the job done and the top score is displayed on the start screen. If I could do this project again, I'd probably spend less time working on the guitar tuner. I would have liked to add a screen that allowed user to switch between different ships. Also, I apologize if the gif looks weird, the window for my game is kind of big.